overview_v11 typos fix (#209)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/mia-platform-v11.mdx

### Enhanced Runtime area

> The Runtime area has been enriched by adding several new k8s resources: after the introduction of Pods and Namespaces, we are now welcoming also Deployments, Services, Cronjobs, and Jobs sections!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Runtime area has been enriched with several new k8s resources: after the introduction of Pods and Namespaces, we are now welcoming also Deployments, Services, Cronjobs, and Jobs sections!  
```

### Console CLI

For all CLI lovers, we have great news: Mia-Platform Console v11 will have its own CLI. So let's give a big welcome to our new `miactl`!  

> For now, the CLI will only be available for SaaS users, but more good news will come soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, the CLI will only be available for SaaS users, but more good news will come soon, so stay tuned!
```

> For now, the CLI will only be available for SaaS users, but more good news will come soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, the CLI will only be available for SaaS users, but more good news will come soon, so stay tuned!
```

> One of the key advantages of this feature is the drag and drop functionality, which allows you to import projections into a canvas quickly. From there, you can easily define their relationships and create rules that connect them to one another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the key advantages of this feature is the drag and drop functionality, which allows you to import projections into a canvas quickly.  
From there, you can easily define their relationships and create rules that connect them to one another.
```

We value data, and we value the importance of having different ways to store data and their accessibility.

Bucket Storage Support will provide users with a simple and reliable way to store and manage their data.  
Users can now easily store their data to a cloud storage bucket (Google Buckets and S3-like Buckets are supported) and can be sure that their data is securely stored and easily accessible whenever they need it. 

> This new feature also makes it easy to restore data as the bussiness requires with the Re-ingestion operation. Users can now easily re-ingest their data into the system, which means they can restore data previously removed with few actions. You just need to call an API to let the re-ingestion flow start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new feature also makes it easy to restore data as the business requires with the Re-ingestion operation. Users can now easily re-ingest their data into the system, which means they can restore data previously removed with few actions. You just need to call an API to let the re-ingestion flow start.
```

We value data, and we value the importance of having different ways to store data and their accessibility.

Bucket Storage Support will provide users with a simple and reliable way to store and manage their data.  
Users can now easily store their data to a cloud storage bucket (Google Buckets and S3-like Buckets are supported) and can be sure that their data is securely stored and easily accessible whenever they need it. 

> This new feature makes it also easy to restore data as the business requires with the Re-ingestion operation. Users can now easily re-ingest their data into the system, which means they can restore data previously removed with few actions. You just need to call an API to let the re-ingestion flow start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new feature makes it also easy to restore data according to business needs, thanks to the re-ingestion operation. Users can now easily re-ingest their data into the system, which means they can restore data previously removed with few actions. You just need to call an API to let the re-ingestion flow start.
```
